now let's put this aside to keep warm
while we get on with the next path of
our Raj fest the king prawn pakoras
first step the beasts I'm gonna salt
them to set them aside for 10 minutes or
so
buttermilk mr. king I'll butter you up
so we have some pheasant flour or gram
flour or chickpea flour natural yoghurt
110 millilitres no look at that that was
good wasn't it I remembered it's like a
homage to Saint Delia I'm sure there's a
place you can call for that 75
milliliters of water which I'm gonna add
gradually the mix and consistency of
this but it isn't like Yorkshire
puddings you want it too thick and heavy
so it sticks to those prawns when it's
fried and drop it in the hot oil while
mr. Kings butter may be smoother than
Nat King Cole it kind of has the taste
of sucking a snooker ball so now the
time has come to add the flavor teaspoon
the black mustard seeds one chopped hot
green chili the zest of half a lime and
three spring onions developed good good
flicks through now this is the bit our
Lord it's the messy bit it's important
that you get the oil quite hot with this
may be about 170 test the temperature of
the oil with a curry leaf now there's a
technique for this right two fingers
will hear smidge of butter up the silent
sowhat's well covered and then just drop
it in
and they really only took a few minutes
saya tidak mentions the whole area is
now a wildlife reserve I think yeah well
let's prove it shall we
early thirds oh wow look at yours mine
isn't it gorgeous the sunsets are coming
down to the lake for a drink
either that's obvious smelt the pakoras
let's get back to the fryer better he's
about to go up great
never ever ever ever leave your hot fat
by itself on its own gets very lonely in
person if Liam's not even if an elephant
walks into the kitchen well no if Nell
if it walks in the kitchen you've got to
hedge your bets haven't you really oh
you just put extra chips on that's the
prawns done the last bit couldn't be
easier
deep-fried curry leaf to scatter on the
top just take a big heap of curry leaves
and bond them in the hot oil sprinkle
these as crispy as can be and to
complete our feast it's time for
sundowners and I think we've invented
the perfect martini it's fantastic it's
a cardamom and saffron martini we just
call it our golden martini
first take a cocktail shaker well
plastic jug with a lid fill it about
half full with ice take the driest
vermouth you can find one measure and
one measure of very very dry gin we're
in the cardamom Hills
we've got the best cardamoms in the
world take about 15 just crack them so
the gin can get into the seeds add two
shaker and lastly a good pinch of
sufferin good kashmiri sufferin no not
too much of this because this can
actually paint it put the lid on tightly
in a blender give it a quick blitz
and Paul into martini glass one chilled
cardamom and saffron martini see the
sufferance like looking tadpoles look at
that how good is that going to taste
cheers pal
cheers me